Add Earth Observation guide to tutorials (#1522)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/arcgis.md

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ArcGIS Server 

> It does not use license server and need registration code for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not use license server and needs a registration code for
```
